# Stand up for April 4, 2016

*We will hold regular standups (currently monthly) for this project in the PIE Cookbook Slack channel.* 

Given that this was the first stand up, there wasn't a ton to cover. We're just kicking off the project. 

A complete archive of the discussion can be found at http://piecookbook.slackarchive.io/ama/-/1459456556/1459792018/1459789270000042/ (in reverse chronological order)

## High level

- This week, we’ll be focused on Kickstarter backer surveys, which topics we attack first, and supporting infrastructure (like Slack and Github).
- Be advised that Kickstarter backers have "votes" to cast as to what topics are covered first. These votes will be cast through backer surveys.
- We're also brainstorming content for the PIE Cookbook in https://github.com/piepdx/pie-cookbook/blob/master/notes/outline.md
- Use Github issues to provide feedback on direction https://github.com/piepdx/pie-cookbook/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+


## Questions and answers

### So as of now what is the ultimate vision…. pie cookbook website?

We see the PIE Cookbook as the beta version of this documentation. Our hope is that the open source project will help all of us generate a much broader view than simply "what PIE did." Ideally, this will result in an “Accelerator Cookbook” that includes many perspectives and ideas for applying the accelerator concept.

But we had to start somewhere. So we started with what we know :)

And this content may live as other content besides just web. Maybe video? Maybe curriculum? Maybe certification? Who knows? We don't. But we're hoping this project reveals better ways to digest and use this information. If that's not web-based, we're totally fine with that.

We’re super curious about how applicable our learnings are, on a topic by topic basis. Would this only work at PIE? Only in Portland? Only if you’re not in the Bay Area? Only in the US? Only in tech? Or is it an example of something that is applicable anywhere?

### Is the information you’re looking to give solely based around accelerators?

We’re going to start with accelerators. But also provide details on how other people have used the model to do other interesting things. We see the “accelerator” concept as an educational structure that has a variety of applications beyond helping early stage startups.

**I’m just trying to see if it could potentially be used by municipalities to help foster technology in the community**

Absolutely! Our work with Portland government ([Startup PDX Challenge](http://www.pdc.us/startuppdxchallenge.aspx)) and Oregon government ([Oregon Story Board](http://www.oregonstoryboard.org/)) should be informative in that regard.

### So not just accelerating startups…then what else would this be accelerating?

It could be used for employees [like Daimler has done](https://medium.com/portland-incubator-experiment/no-interest-in-building-a-startup-accelerator-like-pie-good-f31ecbd14e05#.9eguaarw8). Could be for brainstorming.

**So an internal type of accelerator as well? I wish I had another word to use but I see what you mean.**

We think the construct has a ton of applications.

### The best way requet things to be included is by Github issues reports, correct?

Yes please! That way, everyone can see them, whether they are part of the Slack channel or not.

### Will there be tasks that can be 'outsourced' to the community? 

As the project has more there there, we’ll definitely be looking for that kind of help. For now, PIE has a lot of content to churn out :)

### Best way to just follow github channel?

Yep ;)

